dick no producers Damon Lindelof and
Carlton Cuse these are the guys that are
responsible for the day-in day-out
writing of the show they claim that they
have known how loss would end all along
since the beginning but that does not
mean there was only one ending they
actually chose from a few and even shot
a few and here now and you're only going
to see this here what they left on the
cutting room floor the alternate endings
to lost
and then the bomb exploded
and the submarine blew up
well that's great
so what do we do now I'm sorry Sayid the
tribal spoke
what I mean that figuratively right no
you gotta leave the island man gotta go
what are you talking about
who are you
yeah you look familiar you on TV I'm
Jeff Probst hello you've got to be
kidding me
have you been no I do not spend five
years a little public you don't get shot
I gotcha
get drowned in a pond take a bomb to the
stomach on a submarine to be eliminated
by Jeff Probst is that the way the
survivor ends I don't know I've never
seen it great
wait wait
Damon I've got it okay alright right on
me alright let's go we start close on
Hurley's face okay early yeah oh yeah
he's he's in a diner diet right and he's
in a booth oh yeah
and he's buying a song on a jukebox
yes yes yeah
okay hey
what looks good tonight I don't know
onion rings
it's a mistake as far as I'm concerned
focus on the good times don't be
sarcastic isn't that what you said one
time try to remember the times that good
I did yeah that's true I guess
waiting in order to predict
hey guys
I think and figured out the secret to
the wait a minute is that the ending to
the Sopranos I don't know I don't have
cable
Oh me neither who does Carlton hey don't
worry we got this we got this
hmm Wow all right okay back to black
interior bedroom a light it's Bob
Newhart oh wow new on you won't believe
the dream I just had
I had an in in this crazy little town in
Vermont
how does have this doing was a castaway
on just crazy island there's a polar
bear and a guy who turned into smoke
you're not Emily this doesn't work
either
Carlton thinks he's seen it this may be
one of the most famous final shows in
all of television and you think you've
seen it yeah me the Morris office oh
hold on one second oh we could do a
time-travel thing and go back in time
yeah Bob what if this happens before
your finale hey Bob Bob Bob well looks
like it's just the two of us reckless